addons/organizer/ReadMe.md, before:

# Organizer (//org)

A multi-purpose inventory management solution. Similar to GearCollector; uses packets.

For the purpose of this addon, a `bag` is: "Safe", "Storage", "Locker", "Satchel", "Sack", "Case", "Wardrobe". 

For commands that use a filename, if one is not specified, it defaults to Name_JOB.lua, e.g., Rooks_PLD.lua
For commands that specify a bag, if one is not specified, it defaults to all, and will cycle through all of them.

The addon command is `org`, so `org freeze` will freeze, etc.

This utility is still in development and there are at least a couple of known issues (it does not always move out gear that is currently equipped, argument parsing could be better). It is designed to work simplest as a snapshotting utility (freeze and organize without arugments), but it should work no matter what you want to do with it.

### Settings

#### auto_heal
Setting this feature to anything other than false will cause Organizer to use /heal after getting/storing gear.

#### bag_priority
The order that bags will be looked in for requested gear.

#### dump_bags
The order that bags will be filled with unspecified gear from your inventory.

#### item_delay
A delay, in seconds, between item storage/retrieval. Defaults to 0 (no delay)


### Commands
Commands below are written with their arguments indicated using square brackets, but you should not use square brackets when entering the commands in game. Default options are italicized.

#### Freeze

```
freeze [bag] [filename]
```

Freezes the current contents of a `bag` or **all bags** to the specified `filename` or **Name_ShortJob.lua** in the respective data directory/directories. This effectively takes a snapshot of your inventory for that job. So using `//org freeze` as a Dancer named Pablo would result in freezing all of your bags in files named Pablo_DNC.lua.

#### Get

```
get [bag] [filename]
```

Thaws the frozen state specified by `filename` or **Name_ShortJob.lua** and `bag` or **all bags** and makes one attempt to move towards that state.


#### Tidy

```
tidy [bag] [filename]
```

Thaws a frozen state specified by `filename` or **Name_ShortJob.lua** and `bag` or **all bags** and makes one attempt to purge anything currently in inventory that shouldn't be into dump bags.

#### Organize

```
organize [bag] [filename]
```

Thaws a frozen state specified by `filename` or **Name_ShortJob.lua** and `bag` or **all bags** and executes repeated Get and Tidy commands until a steady state is reached (aka. you have your gear). With no arguments, it will attempt to restore the entire thawed snapshot.

Commit message:

Updates and THF gear mods

addons/organizer/ReadMe.md, after:

# Organizer (//org)

A multi-purpose inventory management solution. Similar to GearCollector; uses packets.

For the purpose of this addon, a `bag` is: "Safe", "Storage", "Locker", "Satchel", "Sack", "Case", "Wardrobe", "Safe 2". 

For commands that use a filename, if one is not specified, it defaults to Name_JOB.lua, e.g., Rooks_PLD.lua
For commands that specify a bag, if one is not specified, it defaults to all, and will cycle through all of them.

The addon command is `org`, so `org freeze` will freeze, etc.

This utility is still in development and there are at least a couple of known issues (it does not always move out gear that is currently equipped, argument parsing could be better). It is designed to work simplest as a snapshotting utility (freeze and organize without arugments), but it should work no matter what you want to do with it.

### Settings

#### auto_heal
Setting this feature to anything other than false will cause Organizer to use /heal after getting/storing gear.

#### bag_priority
The order that bags will be looked in for requested gear.

#### dump_bags
The order that bags will be filled with unspecified gear from your inventory.

#### item_delay
A delay, in seconds, between item storage/retrieval. Defaults to 0 (no delay)


### Commands
Commands below are written with their arguments indicated using square brackets, but you should not use square brackets when entering the commands in game. Default options are italicized.

#### Freeze

```
freeze [bag] [filename]
```

Freezes the current contents of a `bag` or **all bags** to the specified `filename` or **Name_ShortJob.lua** in the respective data directory/directories. This effectively takes a snapshot of your inventory for that job. So using `//org freeze` as a Dancer named Pablo would result in freezing all of your bags in files named Pablo_DNC.lua.

#### Get

```
get [bag] [filename]
```

Thaws the frozen state specified by `filename` or **Name_ShortJob.lua** and `bag` or **all bags** and makes one attempt to move towards that state.


#### Tidy

```
tidy [bag] [filename]
```

Thaws a frozen state specified by `filename` or **Name_ShortJob.lua** and `bag` or **all bags** and makes one attempt to purge anything currently in inventory that shouldn't be into dump bags.

#### Organize

```
organize [bag] [filename]
```

Thaws a frozen state specified by `filename` or **Name_ShortJob.lua** and `bag` or **all bags** and executes repeated Get and Tidy commands until a steady state is reached (aka. you have your gear). With no arguments, it will attempt to restore the entire thawed snapshot.

### Gearswap integration
Additionally, Organizer integrates with GearSwap. In your lua, just add this:

```
include('organizer-lib')
```

And then in your Mog House, after changing jobs:

```
//gs org
```

And it will fill your inventory with the items from your sets, and put everything else away (it does a very good job, even when there are space concerns, but it's not perfect. Make sure to do a "//gs validate" after!)

Additionally, if you have extra items you want to bring along, simply define a table named `organizer_items` like so:

```
organizer_items = {
    echos="Echo Drops",
    shihei="Shihei",
    orb="Macrocosmic Orb"
}
```
